Add KCC 2022 contest article (#6777)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/KCC/2/en.md

---
tags:
  - KCC2022
  - KCC 2022
---

# Korean Charting Contest 2022

![KCC2022 banner](img/banner.png)

> The **Korean Charting Contest 2022** (***KCC2022***) is a osu!mania mapping contest for users from ![][flag_KR] South Korea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Korean Charting Contest 2022** (***KCC2022***) is an osu!mania mapping contest for users from ![][flag_KR] South Korea.
```

## Contest schedule

> | Event | Timestamp (UTC+09) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event | Timestamp (UTC+9) |
```

| --: | :-- |
| Submission phase | 2022-01-30/2022-02-27 |
| Judging phase | 2022-02-28/2022-03-13 |
| Results announcement | 2022-03-14 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 50,000 KRW, profile badge(TBD) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 20,000 KRW |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 10,000 KRW |

![KCC2022 badge](img/badge.png)

## Organisation

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organizer | ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783) |
| Manager | ![][flag_KR] [Oni Suika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4848023) |
| Designer | ![][flag_KR] [Manwon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4129020) |
| Judge | ![][flag_CN] [_Stan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1653229), ![][flag_SG] [Evening](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2193881), ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783), ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_KR] [Remuring](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6522146) |

## Links

- [Forum thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1507792)

## Ruleset

### Contest rules

> - This contest is for osu!mania mode only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This contest is for the osu!mania mode only.
```

> - Only Koreans can participate in this contest. If your profile flag is not showing that you're in ![][flag_KR] South Korea for reasons like foreign residence, you can still participate as long as you're able to verify that you are Korean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only Koreans can participate in this contest. If your profile flag does not show that you are in ![][flag_KR] South Korea for reasons such as foreign residence, you can still participate as long as you are able to verify that you are Korean.
```

- You can map one of total six songs, three songs each from Instrumental and Vocal groups.
- The osu! client must be able to load and read your submission.

> - Submission must be in `.osz` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submissions must be in the `.osz` format.
```

- Custom hitsounds are allowed.

> - Title, Artist, MP3, Source, Tags and Background must NOT be modified. However, preview point can be customised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Title, Artist, MP3, Source, Tags, and Background must NOT be modified. However, the preview point can be customised.
```

> - Videos, skins and storyboards are NOT allowed. However, storyboard hitsounds can be modified.

Reviewer: there are no storyboarded hitsounds by default, so there's nothing to modify

```suggestion
- Videos, skins, and storyboards are NOT allowed. However, storyboarded hitsounds are allowed.
```

- Submission must be 4K ~ 9K.
- The Auto mod must be able to full combo (1,000,000 score) your submission.
- Submission must be finished by the contestant alone. No collaboration is allowed.
- Submission must not be uploaded to the osu! website through the Beatmap Submission System (BSS). All contest submissions are anonymous during the judging phases to avoid bias.

> - Only one beatmap difficulty is allowed. If multiple difficulties are submitted, then the one with the highest star difficulty will be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one beatmap difficulty is allowed. If multiple difficulties are submitted, then the one with the highest star rating will be accepted.
```

> - Only the following difficulties are allowed: Insane or higher. Please check the difficulty-specific rules in the [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only Insane or higher difficulties are allowed. Please check the [difficulty-specific rules in the ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!mania#difficulty-specific).
```

- If you submit several maps, the last one will be your final entry.
- Submitting entries means understanding and agreement to the ruleset above.

### Judging criteria

For each eligible submitted difficulty, the judging panel will award points based on the following criteria:

- **Expertise (25 pts):** How well the submission demonstrates techniques regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc.

> - **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent the submission is regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding etc especially between different sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cohesion (25 pts):** How consistent the submission is regarding structure, music representation, flow, hitsounding, etc., especially between different sections.
```

> - **Creativity (25 pts):** How well the submission shows originality and uniqueness compared with the other submissions with reasonable respect to the playability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Creativity (25 pts):** How well the submission shows originality and uniqueness compared to the other submissions, with reasonable consideration for playability.
```

- **Judges' Impression (25 pts):** This is the part of the score left to the Judges' personal preferences on the submission.

> [flag_CN]: /wiki/shared/flag/CN.gif "China"
> [flag_KR]: /wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif "South Korea"
> [flag_SG]: /wiki/shared/flag/SG.gif "Singapore"
> [flag_PH]: /wiki/shared/flag/PH.gif "Philippines"

Reviewer: usually sorted by country code and not country names

```suggestion
[flag_CN]: /wiki/shared/flag/CN.gif "China"
[flag_KR]: /wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif "South Korea"
[flag_PH]: /wiki/shared/flag/PH.gif "Philippines"
[flag_SG]: /wiki/shared/flag/SG.gif "Singapore"
```

---
tags:
  - KCC2022
  - KCC 2022
---

# Korean Charting Contest 2022

![KCC2022 banner](img/banner.png)

> The **Korean Charting Contest 2022** (***KCC2022***) is an osu!mania mapping contest for users from ![][flag_KR] South Korea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Korean Charting Contest 2022** (***KCC2022***) is an osu!mania mapping contest for users from ![][flag_KR] South Korea. It is the second instalment of the Korean Charting Contest.
```

| Event | Timestamp (UTC+9) |
| --: | :-- |
| Submission phase | 2022-01-30/2022-02-27 |
| Judging phase | 2022-02-28/2022-03-13 |
| Results announcement | 2022-03-14 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 50,000 KRW, profile badge (TBD) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 20,000 KRW |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 10,000 KRW |

![KCC2022 badge](img/badge.png)

## Organisation

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organiser | ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783) |
| Manager | ![][flag_KR] [Oni Suika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4848023) |
| Designer | ![][flag_KR] [Manwon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4129020) |
| Judge | ![][flag_CN] [_Stan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1653229), ![][flag_SG] [Evening](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2193881), ![][flag_KR] [Garalulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/757783), ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_KR] [Remuring](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6522146) |

## Links

- [Forum thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1507792)

## Song list

### Instrumental

> - lapix - shime (Extended Mix) (3:44) / 160bpm
> - Mitsukiyo - rolling beat (2:31) / 170bpm
> - Laur - PRAGMATISM -RESURRECTION- (2:36) / 174bpm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Song | Length | BPM |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| lapix - shime (Extended Mix) | 3:44 | 160 |
| Mitsukiyo - rolling beat | 2:31 | 170 |
| Laur - PRAGMATISM -RESURRECTION- | 2:36 | 174 |
```

### Vocal

> - fishbowl feat.Yukichi Kasaku/men - Shinkai (3:37) / 133bpm
> - Tokyo Jihen - Sounan (3:20) / 156bpm
> - Kabocha feat. Sennzai - Morphobia (3:54) / 145bpm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Song | Length | BPM |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| fishbowl feat.Yukichi Kasaku/men - Shinkai | 3:37 | 133 |
| Tokyo Jihen - Sounan | 3:20 | 156 |
| Kabocha feat. Sennzai - Morphobia | 3:54 | 145 |
```
